fun boys being fun boys I mean they got
rekt so I think it's pretty bad
well the first day of playoffs at MSI
are done I'm joined right now by Lars
well as Brodin who's behind the camera
he's leaving tomorrow fun fact to talk a
little bit about how the first day of
MSI and Paris went Lord so first off
what was it like for you being in this
giant arena I don't know were you here
in 2014 I was here but in the audience I
actually skipped school that day to go
to see an all-star so yeah it was really
weird to come back here but I enjoyed it
so much the public is insane really so
really looking forward to the next days
that's gotta be feet feel pretty good
for you to go from being in the audience
just four years ago to now like being a
part of the broadcast as being pumped
into the arena yeah so weird well I mean
I've been used to do it since the
beginning of the year you know working
in the EOC yes but still when it's your
audience in your country you want to
give you the best experience like I was
so stressed this morning coming into the
arena and it went fine and when you know
people know you and expect to see on
stage so they're really happy to see you
and it's really amazing
no I there's probably a lot of na
orience watching my videos they might
not know sort of what your backstory is
can you tell a little bit about sort of
how you ended up doing EU LCS hosting
and all the stuff that you're doing
today ok so I was looking enough to have
a part in the summer split final last
year in Paris so they let me do the
interview both in French and in English
and after I was I was lucky enough to
send an email to the LCS directors to
say hey maybe if you need someone I know
they have an amazing interview in LA so
maybe I could be the one in EU so they
accepted I might have to try out and
it's working now what were you doing
before that like how did you end up what
is your background
I wanted to be a journalist in cinema at
the beginning and then I I realized I
spent so much time watching Ling and
watching your interviews obviously I
wanted to have a part in that and you
know have my time worst when I watch
Nick so I started writing a few articles
online in French for free obviously
because it's only for free in the
beginning
it grew a bit in 2015 in Paris I was
here during in-service backstage for a
gaming and then one thing led to another
I just decided to do this for my life do
you get nervous at all or have you
gotten used to like doing that you're
gonna be in front of all this you know I
think it would be even more and
everything for me if I wasn't stressing
because when I'm not stressing it means
like something is wrong so since I'm
stressing it's good but I hope it all
goes away sometimes I think I just have
to be more comfortable in English for it
to go away well I mean it feels like
your English is pretty well you're not
dropping any words everything sounds
good
your pronunciation is better than most
of the Americans I talk to so I think
you're doing ok yes what what do you
think of today's game is obviously
fnatic lost that's a bit of a bummer for
you I'm sure yeah well we were kind of
expecting it I think I want to I've been
so good and Uzi has been so good I was
it
I wasn't expecting car Sasha starts and
from me Karsa either lower champion pool
than I'm lxg so I was expecting Brooks a
to be proactive on that matter but it
didn't happen they made a few mistakes
he listened wasn't that good on the team
see pigs reckless was better but still
it wasn't enough they made too many
mistakes and they rushed into things
when they didn't have control of the
right waves for instance so yeah it had
to happen well you know the French
audience better than I do
how do you think they're gonna take this
is it gonna be like all fnatic you suck
or are they gonna be are they happy with
with at least how close these games were
fun boys being boys I mean they got
wrecked so I think it's pretty bad
alright well we'll see how that goes
what do you think of the French audience
in general because I had I mean I knew
at the French Ardennes is so legendary
but today's sitting behind the scenes
and just hearing I was reminded just how
passion and we didn't even I think have
a full house today so what is it about
the French audience and League of
Legends like what is this relationship
why is it so passionate I think it's the
casters they're really close to their
audience and they often talk to the
audience as well so these kind of mini
don't open a lot so they're really hyped
to see the casters and well they know
how to hype the crowd I mean now you
have room and that Roman wasn't here a
few years ago so they just yell at the
crowd and they like them so much
I think it's makes the magic work cheap
Sandra what is because you would know
better than I what is kind of the League
of Legends culture in Paris and and
especially with chips and like I know
that they've kind of like led the
vanguard into all of this and and the
fandom as' is sort of they're almost
like the captains I feel like of League
of Legends fandom in France well we are
in Europe you know in France and I think
it grew mostly because of them and we
tried to create these kind of reunions
with the casters when they can meet the
fan and we have this place in Paris
where they can meet then also so I think
it's the proximity created by the
casters through the community that
highlights the League of Legends vibe
within France did you have any friends
or family that were able to make this
out out and you know here you know they
were in Paris last year but my mum broke
her leg two weeks ago she was supposed
to come but she won't be able to but my
best friend is coming on Sunday so it's
cool they get to watch at least online
and sort of see how cool it is for you
to be this she doesn't get anything
about League of Legends like she
basically what when I'm on stream
and she's like even I don't even know
what you're saying
even though you speak in French so no
she doesn't very cool well hey I'm very
curious like is there anything that you
would say to aspiring fans out there
especially and you know I try not to
bring this too much into it but there I
get frequently message by women all
around the world that are like I want to
get into eSports but it's just there's
so many dudes and all the players are
dudes and all the casters are dudes and
any anything that you would say to
anybody aspiring out there including any
women as well and I think that women
such as Suzi sharks avi lean and Amy in
EU we help women should get more
independent and to get into his purse so
just try and try hard enough and men are
no blockers really like everybody is
nice and everybody's helpful so dump
your friend and jump in okay very good
last thing last thing anything you want
to say to any of the fans out there that
maybe this is the first time they've
even seen you maybe they don't watch LCS
that often
anything that you want to say to anybody
out there who's watching us for the
first time me I promise I will improve
during the summer splits I know I have
to and for those who don't I recommend
you to meet me during the summer split
of the LCS
thank you so much for the interview
really appreciate it for everyone else
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hello and
welcome to the Future side of gaffer
industries our company is growing so
quickly that we had to lease this land
to build a factory just to produce our
product and you know what that product
is it's we've only got one it is eSports
videos just like this one yes that's
right the one that you are enjoying
right now is just an example of the
premium product that we make every
single day and you know what gaffer
dinde strees it's growing it is taking
the eSports industry by storm and we
need people to join our movement that's
right
you can join this movement just by
clicking the subscribe button on this
very video you'll be part of it today
and that's what we're looking for so
just hit subscribe and you could be part
of ghafir Dinda strees today